dvclive: add `metric_data` parameter with deprecation notice (#4578)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/ml-frameworks/xgboost.md

...

xgboost.train(
    param, dtrain, num_round=5, evals=[(dtrain, "train"), (dval, "val")]
    callbacks=[DVCLiveCallback()],
)
```

## Parameters

- `metric_data` - (`None` by default) - The name of the evaluation set to use
  for logging metrics. When omitted or `None`, the metrics will be logged in a

>   dedicated subdirectory for all evaluation sets specified via `evals`. **Note**
>   that this parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in a future
>   DVCLive release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dedicated subdirectory for all evaluation sets specified via `evals`. 
  
  <admon type="warn">
  
  This parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in a future
  DVCLive release.
  
  </adom>
```
